.\" Manpage for bot_marvin.
.\" Contact tilakpatidar@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 8 "13 Jan 2016" "1.0" "bot_marvin man page"
.SH NAME
bot_marvin \- crawler
.SH DESCRIPTION
Bot Marvin is a highly scalable open source web crawler software project.
.SH OPTIONS
Ex usage --option=value
.IP --loadSeedFile\ <Absolute\ path\ to\ seed\ file>
Loading the seedFile
.IP --editSeedFile
Opens console for editing seed file. Removing seeds will result in removal of pages belonging to seed from the future crawls.
.IP --removeSeed <seed>
Removes seed from seed file.
To restrict future crawling from this seed, add seed to reject urlfilters in bot config. 
.IP --force
Start the bot in force mode
.IP --childs\ <number\ of\ spawned\ process\ for\ this\ bot>
Spawns new workers for crawling.
.IP --max_concurrent_sockets\ <Integer>
Concurrent sockets for crawling per spawned child.
.IP --batch_size\ <Integer>
Number of urls to process per child node.
.IP --db_type\ <mongodb/mysql>
Type of database to use for storing bot crawled information.
.IP --verbose\ <true/false>
Enable/Disable bot verbosing.
.IP --logging\ <true/false>
Enable/Disable bot logging.
.IP --allow_robots\ <true/false>
Enable/Disable robots.txt check.
.IP --external_links\ <true/false>
Enable/Disable following external links.
.IP --parse_sitemaps\ <true/false>
Enable/Disable using sitemaps for seed urls.
.IP --config
Opens the config file in your text editor.
.IP --webapp
Does not start the bot but webapp will run.
.IP --reset
Reset bot data drops the entire crawled data.
.SH Running the bot
.IP bot-marvin
Starts the web crawler 
.SH First time setup
.IP bot-marvin-db
Edit db config of the bot
.IP bot-marvin\ --config
Edit bot settings
.IP bot-marvin\ --loadSeedFile\ /home/marvin/seedfile
Seeds the crawler with the given file.
.SH Sample cmds
.IP bot-marvin\ --force
If you see warnings like bot already exists. Use this command. But,it will kill any bot with same name in cluster.
.IP bot-marvin\ --db_type=mongodb\ --childs=5\ --max_concurrent_sockets=10
Starts bot with 5 fetcher processes and each using 10 concurrent sockets to fetch.Will use mongodb as default db.
.IP bot-marvin\ --webapp
Starts webapp
.SH See Also
.B bot-marvin-init
To install external dependencies
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Tilak Patidar (tilakpatidar@gmail.com)
